README.md, before:

Bloom
=====

Bloom is an experimental Playstation 1 emulator for the SEGA Dreamcast.

It is but a tiny wrapper around other open-source projects:

- PCSX, the Playstation emulator
  (https://github.com/libretro/pcsx_rearmed)

- Lightrec, MIPS-to-everything JIT compiler
  (https://github.com/pcercuei/lightrec)

- GNU Lightning, an arch-independent run-time assembler
  (https://www.gnu.org/software/lightning)

Features
--------

- Hardware CD-ROM support, including original discs, even the
copy-protected (libcrypt) ones

- Using HLE emulation for the BIOS, no BIOS file required

- BIN/CUE, CCD/IMG, MDS/MDF, ISO, PBP images are supported

- CHD support can be enabled but isn't recommended, except on consoles
  with the 32 MiB RAM mod

- Fully software-rendered for now

- Compatibility should be very good

- It's slow (not a feature).

Building
--------

You need the latest version of KallistiOS installed, and preferably a
dc-chain toolchain built with the latest GCC version.

To build Bloom, run:

```
cd /path/to/bloom
mkdir build
cd build
kos-cmake ..
make
```

This will build Bloom with the default settings.

To configure Bloom you can use `kos-ccmake` instead, which will open a
(curses-based) user interface with all the options for the project.

Commit message:

README: Add note that loading from IDE/SD is possible
And reorder a bit the entries in the README.

Signed-off-by: Paul Cercueil <paul@crapouillou.net>

README.md, after:

Bloom
=====

Bloom is an experimental Playstation 1 emulator for the SEGA Dreamcast.

It is but a tiny wrapper around other open-source projects:

- PCSX, the Playstation emulator
  (https://github.com/libretro/pcsx_rearmed)

- Lightrec, MIPS-to-everything JIT compiler
  (https://github.com/pcercuei/lightrec)

- GNU Lightning, an arch-independent run-time assembler
  (https://www.gnu.org/software/lightning)

Features
--------

- Hardware CD-ROM support, including original discs, even the
  copy-protected (libcrypt) ones

- BIN/CUE, CCD/IMG, MDS/MDF, ISO, PBP images are supported

- CHD support can be enabled but isn't recommended, except on consoles
  with the 32 MiB RAM mod

- Can load image files from CD, IDE (hard drive) or SD cards

- Using HLE emulation for the BIOS, no BIOS file required

- Fully software-rendered for now

- Compatibility should be very good

- It's slow (not a feature).

Building
--------

You need the latest version of KallistiOS installed, and preferably a
dc-chain toolchain built with the latest GCC version.

To build Bloom, run:

```
cd /path/to/bloom
mkdir build
cd build
kos-cmake ..
make
```

This will build Bloom with the default settings.

To configure Bloom you can use `kos-ccmake` instead, which will open a
(curses-based) user interface with all the options for the project.
